# sense_hat_api

SenseHatApi - JavaScript client for sense_hat_api
Sense HAT API Express wrapper (http://pythonhosted.org/sense-hat/api/#sense-hat-api-reference).
This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/),
please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install sense_hat_api --save
```

#### git
#
If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.
https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/sense_hat_api
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install YOUR_USERNAME/sense_hat_api --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SenseHatApi = require('sense_hat_api');

var api = new SenseHatApi.EnvironmentalSensorApi()

var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.environmentalSensorsGetHumidityGet(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SenseHatApi.EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**environmentalSensorsGetHumidityGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalSensorsGetHumidityGet) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_humidity | Gets the percentage of relative humidity from the humidity sensor. 
*SenseHatApi.EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**environmentalSensorsGetPressureGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalSensorsGetPressureGet) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_pressure | Gets the current pressure in Millibars from the pressure sensor. 
*SenseHatApi.EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**environmentalSensorsGetTemperatureFromHumidityGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalSensorsGetTemperatureFromHumidityGet) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_temperature_from_humidity | Gets the current temperature in degrees Celsius from the humidity sensor. 
*SenseHatApi.EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**environmentalSensorsGetTemperatureFromPressureGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalSensorsGetTemperatureFromPressureGet) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_temperature_from_pressure | Gets the current temperature in degrees Celsius from the pressure sensor. 
*SenseHatApi.EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**environmentalSensorsGetTemperatureGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalSensorsGetTemperatureGet) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_temperature | Calls get_temperature_from_humidity below. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetAccelerometerGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetAccelerometerGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_accelerometer | Calls set_imu_config to disable the magnetometer and gyroscope then gets the current orientation from the accelerometer only. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetAccelerometerRawGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetAccelerometerRawGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_accelerometer_raw | Gets the raw x, y and z axis accelerometer data. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetCompassGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetCompassGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_compass | Calls set_imu_config to disable the gyroscope and accelerometer then gets the direction of North from the magnetometer in degrees. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetCompassRawGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetCompassRawGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_compass_raw | Gets the raw x, y and z axis magnetometer data. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetGyroscopeGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetGyroscopeGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_gyroscope | Calls set_imu_config to disable the magnetometer and accelerometer then gets the current orientation from the gyroscope only. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetGyroscopeRawGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetGyroscopeRawGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_gyroscope_raw | Gets the raw x, y and z axis gyroscope data. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetOrientationDegreesGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetOrientationDegreesGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_orientation_degrees | Gets the current orientation in degrees using the aircraft principal axes of pitch, roll and yaw. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetOrientationGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetOrientationGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_orientation | Calls get_orientation_degrees above. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsGetOrientationRadiansGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsGetOrientationRadiansGet) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_orientation_radians | Gets the current orientation in radians using the aircraft principal axes of pitch, roll and yaw. 
*SenseHatApi.InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**iMUSensorsSetImuConfigPut**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#iMUSensorsSetImuConfigPut) | **PUT** /IMU_sensors/set_imu_config | Enables and disables the gyroscope, accelerometer and/or magnetometer contribution to the get orientation functions below. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixClearPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixClearPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/clear | Sets the entire LED matrix to a single colour, defaults to blank / off. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixFlipHPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixFlipHPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/flip_h | Flips the image on the LED matrix horizontally. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixFlipVPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixFlipVPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/flip_v | Flips the image on the LED matrix vertically. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixGetPixelGet**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixGetPixelGet) | **GET** /LED_Matrix/get_pixel | Gets an individual LED matrix pixel at the specified X-Y coordinate. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixGetPixelsGet**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixGetPixelsGet) | **GET** /LED_Matrix/get_pixels | Gets a list containing 64 smaller lists of [R, G, B] pixels (red, green, blue) representing the currently displayed image. Note: You will notice that the pixel values you pass into set_pixels sometimes change when you read them back with  get_pixels. This is because we specify each pixel element as 8 bit numbers (0 to 255) but when they&#39;re passed into the Linux frame buffer for the LED matrix the numbers are bit shifted down to fit into RGB 565. 5 bits for red, 6 bits for green and 5 bits for blue. The loss of binary precision when performing this conversion (3 bits lost for red, 2 for green and 3 for blue) accounts for the discrepancies you see. The get_pixels function provides a correct representation of how the pixels end up in frame buffer memory after you&#39;ve called set_pixels. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixLowLightPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixLowLightPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/low_light | Toggles the LED matrix low light mode, useful if the Sense HAT is being used in a dark environment. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixSetPixelPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixSetPixelPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/set_pixel | Sets an individual LED matrix pixel at the specified X-Y coordinate to the specified colour. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixSetPixelsPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixSetPixelsPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/set_pixels | Updates the entire LED matrix based on a 64 length list of pixel values. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixSetRotationPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixSetRotationPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/set_rotation | If you&#39;re using the Pi upside down or sideways you can use this function to correct the orientation of the image being shown. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixShowLetterPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixShowLetterPut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/show_letter | Displays a single text character on the LED matrix. 
*SenseHatApi.LEDApi* | [**lEDMatrixShowMessagePut**](docs/LEDApi.md#lEDMatrixShowMessagePut) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/show_message | Scrolls a text message from right to left across the LED matrix and at the specified speed, in the specified colour and background colour. 


## Documentation for Models

 - [SenseHatApi.Colour](docs/Colour.md)
 - [SenseHatApi.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [SenseHatApi.Orientation](docs/Orientation.md)
 - [SenseHatApi.Pixel](docs/Pixel.md)
 - [SenseHatApi.Vertice](docs/Vertice.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

