# IO.Swagger - the C# library for the Sense HAT API

Sense HAT API Express wrapper (http://pythonhosted.org/sense-hat/api/#sense-hat-api-reference).

This C# SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- SDK version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.CSharpClientCodegen

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- .NET 4.0 or later
- Windows Phone 7.1 (Mango)

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- [RestSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/RestSharp) - 105.1.0 or later
- [Json.NET](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/) - 7.0.0 or later

The DLLs included in the package may not be the latest version. We recommned using [NuGet] (https://docs.nuget.org/consume/installing-nuget) to obtain the latest version of the packages:
```
Install-Package RestSharp
Install-Package Newtonsoft.Json
```

NOTE: RestSharp versions greater than 105.1.0 have a bug which causes file uploads to fail. See [RestSharp#742](https://github.com/restsharp/RestSharp/issues/742)

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Mac/Linux] `/bin/sh build.sh`
- [Windows] `build.bat`

Then include the DLL (under the `bin` folder) in the C# project, and use the namespaces:
```csharp
using IO.Swagger.Api;
using IO.Swagger.Client;
using IO.Swagger.Model;
```
<a name="getting-started"></a>
## Getting Started

```csharp
using System;
using System.Diagnostics;
using IO.Swagger.Api;
using IO.Swagger.Client;
using IO.Swagger.Model;

namespace Example
{
    public class Example
    {
        public void main()
        {
            
            var apiInstance = new EnvironmentalSensorApi();

            try
            {
                // Gets the percentage of relative humidity from the humidity sensor. 
                decimal? result = apiInstance.EnvironmentalSensorsGetHumidityGet();
                Debug.WriteLine(result);
            }
            catch (Exception e)
            {
                Debug.Print("Exception when calling EnvironmentalSensorApi.EnvironmentalSensorsGetHumidityGet: " + e.Message );
            }
        }
    }
}
```

<a name="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**EnvironmentalSensorsGetHumidityGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalsensorsgethumidityget) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_humidity | Gets the percentage of relative humidity from the humidity sensor. 
*EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**EnvironmentalSensorsGetPressureGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalsensorsgetpressureget) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_pressure | Gets the current pressure in Millibars from the pressure sensor. 
*EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**EnvironmentalSensorsGetTemperatureFromHumidityGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalsensorsgettemperaturefromhumidityget) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_temperature_from_humidity | Gets the current temperature in degrees Celsius from the humidity sensor. 
*EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**EnvironmentalSensorsGetTemperatureFromPressureGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalsensorsgettemperaturefrompressureget) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_temperature_from_pressure | Gets the current temperature in degrees Celsius from the pressure sensor. 
*EnvironmentalSensorApi* | [**EnvironmentalSensorsGetTemperatureGet**](docs/EnvironmentalSensorApi.md#environmentalsensorsgettemperatureget) | **GET** /Environmental_sensors/get_temperature | Calls get_temperature_from_humidity below. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetAccelerometerGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetaccelerometerget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_accelerometer | Calls set_imu_config to disable the magnetometer and gyroscope then gets the current orientation from the accelerometer only. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetAccelerometerRawGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetaccelerometerrawget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_accelerometer_raw | Gets the raw x, y and z axis accelerometer data. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetCompassGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetcompassget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_compass | Calls set_imu_config to disable the gyroscope and accelerometer then gets the direction of North from the magnetometer in degrees. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetCompassRawGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetcompassrawget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_compass_raw | Gets the raw x, y and z axis magnetometer data. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetGyroscopeGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetgyroscopeget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_gyroscope | Calls set_imu_config to disable the magnetometer and accelerometer then gets the current orientation from the gyroscope only. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetGyroscopeRawGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetgyroscoperawget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_gyroscope_raw | Gets the raw x, y and z axis gyroscope data. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetOrientationDegreesGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetorientationdegreesget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_orientation_degrees | Gets the current orientation in degrees using the aircraft principal axes of pitch, roll and yaw. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetOrientationGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetorientationget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_orientation | Calls get_orientation_degrees above. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsGetOrientationRadiansGet**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorsgetorientationradiansget) | **GET** /IMU_sensors/get_orientation_radians | Gets the current orientation in radians using the aircraft principal axes of pitch, roll and yaw. 
*InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi* | [**IMUSensorsSetImuConfigPut**](docs/InertialMeasurementUnitSensorIMUApi.md#imusensorssetimuconfigput) | **PUT** /IMU_sensors/set_imu_config | Enables and disables the gyroscope, accelerometer and/or magnetometer contribution to the get orientation functions below. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixClearPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixclearput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/clear | Sets the entire LED matrix to a single colour, defaults to blank / off. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixFlipHPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixfliphput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/flip_h | Flips the image on the LED matrix horizontally. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixFlipVPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixflipvput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/flip_v | Flips the image on the LED matrix vertically. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixGetPixelGet**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixgetpixelget) | **GET** /LED_Matrix/get_pixel | Gets an individual LED matrix pixel at the specified X-Y coordinate. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixGetPixelsGet**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixgetpixelsget) | **GET** /LED_Matrix/get_pixels | Gets a list containing 64 smaller lists of [R, G, B] pixels (red, green, blue) representing the currently displayed image. Note: You will notice that the pixel values you pass into set_pixels sometimes change when you read them back with  get_pixels. This is because we specify each pixel element as 8 bit numbers (0 to 255) but when they're passed into the Linux frame buffer for the LED matrix the numbers are bit shifted down to fit into RGB 565. 5 bits for red, 6 bits for green and 5 bits for blue. The loss of binary precision when performing this conversion (3 bits lost for red, 2 for green and 3 for blue) accounts for the discrepancies you see. The get_pixels function provides a correct representation of how the pixels end up in frame buffer memory after you've called set_pixels. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixLowLightPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixlowlightput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/low_light | Toggles the LED matrix low light mode, useful if the Sense HAT is being used in a dark environment. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixSetPixelPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixsetpixelput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/set_pixel | Sets an individual LED matrix pixel at the specified X-Y coordinate to the specified colour. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixSetPixelsPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixsetpixelsput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/set_pixels | Updates the entire LED matrix based on a 64 length list of pixel values. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixSetRotationPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixsetrotationput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/set_rotation | If you're using the Pi upside down or sideways you can use this function to correct the orientation of the image being shown. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixShowLetterPut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixshowletterput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/show_letter | Displays a single text character on the LED matrix. 
*LEDApi* | [**LEDMatrixShowMessagePut**](docs/LEDApi.md#ledmatrixshowmessageput) | **PUT** /LED_Matrix/show_message | Scrolls a text message from right to left across the LED matrix and at the specified speed, in the specified colour and background colour. 


<a name="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [Model.Colour](docs/Colour.md)
 - [Model.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Model.Orientation](docs/Orientation.md)
 - [Model.Pixel](docs/Pixel.md)
 - [Model.Vertice](docs/Vertice.md)


<a name="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
